the following is a special presentation
of ESPN on ABC welcome to our new york
studios I'm rece Davis a quintet of
afternoon games on ABC games from all
across the country headlined by the
pac-10 showdown between Calvin Oregon
winner emerges is likely challenger to
USC Kansas State package Michigan State
Wisconsin Maryland Rutgers and the ACC
showdown unbeaten Clemson taking on
Georgia Tech then Saturday Night
Football number 1 USC takes on the
Huskies the Trojans be invincible faster
than a speedy safety pair cowardly than
a team of tacklers able to leap tall
corners in a see you bound look up in
the polls it's a tough it's a badger yes
it's the scarlet Knight go out the land
superheroes have their teams undefeated
chasing championships
out west California's golden flash
DeSean Jetson uses his blinding speed to
continually burst by his pursuers in the
Midwest Wisconsin means on PJ Hill their
incredible bulk punishing power pummels
opponents down in the Lone Star State
it's been cast in Longhorn to the rescue
as colt mccoy has twice narrowly evaded
defeat back east Clemson's dynamic duo
of james davis and CJ spiller at them
racing to the top of the ACC meanwhile
Rutgers Ray Rice their men of steel has
transformed the Scarlet Knights into a
national power with college football
super heroes once again save the day
on ABC college football countdown
continues bottom of the hour many of you
in the east in the north eastern sea
maryland and rutgers acc territory see
if Clemson can stay unbeaten at Georgia
Tech in the Big Ten area Michigan State
and Wisconsin boat on beat Kansas State
takes another shot at Texas for those of
you in the big 12 in the southwest and
Cal and Oregon the pac-10 showdown
winner emerges as the most likely
challenger to USC in the pac-10 Dennis
Dixon has been brilliant last week goes
12 of 12 and third quarter when they're
down to Stanford 156 yards the
consistency throw in the football that's
something he didn't have in the past
Chip Kelly new offensive coordinator
doing a heck of a job at oregon game big
enough to have chris fowler in the
college gameday guys there and DeSean
Jackson has been kept under wraps as far
as punt returns go
you might get loose any time you touch
the ball in by hold your breath here we
go the guy to contact mr. Sean Jackson
say goodbye I wanna bantha he is such an
explosive player
the Cal folks here in Eugene know that
the Bears barely survive their first
road trip of the season they haven't won
here at Autzen Stadium in 20 years now
DeSean Jackson does have a such as a
returner as a receiver he's been
contained no touchdown catches yet less
than 10 yards per reception the thumb
has been a problem so is attention from
opposing defenses uh Lavelle Hawkins has
been the main receiver and Justin for
set although nine hundred percent today
a dangerous running back the course so
tough for either defense to shut down
the weapons on the field well DeSean
Jackson such a great football player if
I was a cow coaches I would make sure I
got in plenty of touches reverses
screens anything you do put the ball in
his hands and as they said every time he
touches the football now having said
that I'll pick an organ to win the
football game the reason why is right
over my shoulder autzen stadium is the
loudest stadium in America per person
and you got to be better than oregon not
just as good to be them there so I'm
going the Ducks well the crowd is one
reason so is Dennis Dixon the fine
quarterback or the Oregon Ducks it's a
crossroads game a showcase for some of
the best individual skill players in the
country and the ducks and their faithful
hoping for payback for the loss at cow
last year back to the studio
alright guys Callen organs going to be a
great shootout who do you like in the
game I'm worried about you guys changes
really that fence I'm trying to direct
you so much come over there in a
hyperbaric chaser and over to your side
of the fence I don't know let me tell
you what I could build a case for both
of these teams on here but I spoke with
some guys that were players at Cal
here's Cal's mentality they're saying
hey we think we can go intimidate Oregon
and if we hit him in the mouth and knock
them around they're gonna give up that
worries me because if you're worried
about knocking somebody out and you
don't knock them out you're in for
football game you're in trouble I'm
changing I was Cal I'm going to organize
will really at home like Corso just said
man it's a tough place to play organs a
good team it is a tough place to play
but i'll tell you what Nate long shorts
come a long way since the beginning of
last year and he's ready to roll he's
got great weapons into Sean Jackson and
now Lavelle Hawkins is becoming the guy
they're double-teaming jacks a lot more
Hawkins having a great year I love the
weapons throw best in there a lot of
speed for Cal Cal 14 penalties 121 yards
last week Cal cannot have penalties on
the road and have a chance and long
shores pretty bad on the road by the way
and you know the other thing too that
Oregon can't have his turnovers from the
quarterback that happened last year it
hasn't happened this year going to get
you out to your game and keep you up to
date on everything that's going on
around the country here in the studio
Kalin Oregon the headliner we're going
to get you out to Michigan State
Wisconsin all the games that you are
waiting for kickoff coming up in just a
matter of moments showdown to cross the
country James coming to a close right
now to take off coming up after a word
from your ABC station
you're washing here
ABC